Beta Stack announcement (#102)
flowforge/website: src/blog/2022/05/node-red-3-beta-stack.md

---
title: Node-RED 3.0 Beta Stack
subtitle: Try out the next major Node-RED release
description: Try out the next major Node-RED release
date: 2022-05-04
authors: ["sam-machin"]
---

The first beta of Node-RED 3.0 is here and FlowForge is ready for you to try it out.
<!--more-->

When we released [FlowForge 0.4](/blog/2022/04/flowforge-04-released/) last month we talked about allowing users to select the stack their project runs on.

> Until now we've only offered one stack which has been the latest Node-RED release (2.2.2) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now we've only offered one stack which has been the latest Node-RED release (2.2.2).
```

> Yesterday the first beta of Node-RED 3.0 was [released](https://discourse.nodered.org/t/node-red-3-0-0-beta-1-released/62124), so as of today we have a choice of stacks, you can stick with the _Default_ and use Node-RED 2.2.2 or if you want to try out the beta you can select _Node-RED-3.0.0-beta-1_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yesterday the first beta of Node-RED 3.0 was [released](https://discourse.nodered.org/t/node-red-3-0-0-beta-1-released/62124), so as of today we have a choice of stacks. You can stick with the _Default_ and use Node-RED 2.2.2 or if you want to try out the beta you can select _Node-RED-3.0.0-beta-1_.
```

![Selecting the beta Stack](../images/beta_stack.gif "Selecting the beta Stack")

> FlowForge is the best  way to run multiple Node-RED instances and different versions, betas are exciting but you don't want to risk your production applications with an early upgrade, so why not create a new project just to try things out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FlowForge is the best way to run multiple Node-RED instances at different versions. Beta releases are exciting to try out, but you don't want to risk your production applications with an early upgrade. FlowForge makes it easy to create a new project to try things out.
```
